one of the best organizations, informal organizations that has been a
help to my family has been the military, various military spouse clubs
that have been resident at my my commands. Um, they provide a lot
of heads up on what's going on in the community before you get there.
They provide support, your family when when you're deployed on in
general, sometimes they have a bad name for whatever reason, but we've
only had generally good experiences with those. Additionally, you
have what's called the family readiness group FRG and might go by
different names. The ideas. It's a group associated with a command that's
willing to that that supports the sailors while our the sailors
families while the sailors might be deployed.